README.md, before:

# Learn JS 

This is a compliation of data structures, algorithms and practical problems that are sure to turn you into a javascript wunderkind.

## Data Structures

### Beginner

- Linked List
- Queue
- Stack
- Hash Table (Also known as a Map, Dictionary or Key Value lookup)
- Heap
- Priority Queue

### Advanced

- Trie (Used in string comprehension) variants include Prefix Trie & Suffix Trie
- Tree
  - Binary Search Tree
  - AVL Tree
  - Red-Black Tree
  - Segment Tree (interval tree)
  - Fenwick Tree
- Graph
- Disjoint Set
- Bloom Filter

## Algorithms

### Beginner

- Arrays
  - Flatten
  - Map
- Functions
  - Once
  - Lazy
  - Flatten thunk
  - Curry
  - Debounce
  - Memoize
  - throttle
- Promises
  - Throttle
- Immutable
  - Update
  - Value
- Sets
  - Cartesian Product (cross product)
  - Fisher-Yates Shuffle - random permutation generator of a finite sequence
- Strings
  - Hamming Distance - Number of character differences between two strings
- Searches
  - Linear Search
  - Jump Search (Block Search) in a sorted array
  - Binary Search in a sorted array
  - Interpolation Search (reqs a uniformly distributed sorterd array)
- Sorting
  - Bubble Sort
  - Selection Sort
  - Insertion Sort
  - Heap Sort
  - Merge Sort
  - Quicksort
  - Shellsort
- Trees
  - Depth-First Search (DFS)
  - Breath-First Search (BFS)
- Graphs
  - Depth-First Search (DFS)
  - Breath-First Search (BFS)
  - Kruskal's Algorithm finds the Minimum Spanning Tree for a weighted undirected graph
- Math
  - Bit Manipulation
  - Factorial
  - Fibonacci Number
  - Primality Test
  - Euclidean Algorithm (Greatest Common Divisor)
  - Least Common Multiple
  - Sieve of Eratosthenes - guess the number of primes up to a given limit
  - Is Power of Two - check if the number is a power of two
  - Pascal's Triangle
- Uncategorized
  - Middleware
  - Async function execution (parallel, serial and race)
    - via Callback
    - via Promise
  - Tower of Hanoi
  - Square Matrix Rotation (in place)
  - Jump Game 
    - backtracking
    - dynamic programming (top-down + bottom-up)
    - greedy
  - Unique Paths
    - backtracking
    - dynamic programming (top-down + bottom-up)
    - greedy

Commit message:

Added links to completed sections in readme
Completed
- linked-list
- queue
- stack
- hash-table

README.md, after:

# Learn JS 

This is a compliation of data structures, algorithms and practical problems that are sure to turn you into a javascript wunderkind.

This is a work in progress, folders with a README have been completed.

## Data Structures

### Beginner

- [Linked List](data-structures/linked-list)
- [Queue](data-structures/queue)
- [Stack](data-structures/stack)
- [Hash Table](data-structures/hash-table)
- Heap
- Priority Queue

### Advanced

- Trie (Used in string comprehension) variants include Prefix Trie & Suffix Trie
- Tree
  - Binary Search Tree
  - AVL Tree
  - Red-Black Tree
  - Segment Tree (interval tree)
  - Fenwick Tree
- Graph
- Disjoint Set
- Bloom Filter

## Algorithms

### Beginner

- Arrays
  - Flatten
  - Map
- Functions
  - Once
  - Lazy
  - Flatten thunk
  - Curry
  - Debounce
  - Memoize
  - throttle
- Promises
  - Throttle
- Immutable
  - Update
  - Value
- Sets
  - Cartesian Product (cross product)
  - Fisher-Yates Shuffle - random permutation generator of a finite sequence
- Strings
  - Hamming Distance - Number of character differences between two strings
- Searches
  - Linear Search
  - Jump Search (Block Search) in a sorted array
  - Binary Search in a sorted array
  - Interpolation Search (reqs a uniformly distributed sorterd array)
- Sorting
  - Bubble Sort
  - Selection Sort
  - Insertion Sort
  - Heap Sort
  - Merge Sort
  - Quicksort
  - Shellsort
- Trees
  - Depth-First Search (DFS)
  - Breath-First Search (BFS)
- Graphs
  - Depth-First Search (DFS)
  - Breath-First Search (BFS)
  - Kruskal's Algorithm finds the Minimum Spanning Tree for a weighted undirected graph
- Math
  - Bit Manipulation
  - Factorial
  - Fibonacci Number
  - Primality Test
  - Euclidean Algorithm (Greatest Common Divisor)
  - Least Common Multiple
  - Sieve of Eratosthenes - guess the number of primes up to a given limit
  - Is Power of Two - check if the number is a power of two
  - Pascal's Triangle
- Uncategorized
  - Middleware
  - Async function execution (parallel, serial and race)
    - via Callback
    - via Promise
  - Tower of Hanoi
  - Square Matrix Rotation (in place)
  - Jump Game 
    - backtracking
    - dynamic programming (top-down + bottom-up)
    - greedy
  - Unique Paths
    - backtracking
    - dynamic programming (top-down + bottom-up)
    - greedy
